it's like uh I don't really love but I
have some sort of hidden agenda that I'm
expressing love but uh I want something
from
it cool what's wrong with that I I think
it's
about I'm fake something like that Ah
that's
awesome how
fake so love is dangerous right yeah
that's what that's what I used to tell
myself yeah like today you repeated it
like several times and it resonated with
me yeah I feel
nervous but loving
and there's something um
like as I lived my life since childhood
I know I have like a big heart and I can
love people and a lot of times all sorts
of luck and free was flowing my
way and a lot of
times people who were Authority for me
like Mom and my
ex-husband and my father at times and my
sisters they
would um say that my intention was
corrupt
uh what What's the question yes and the
question is I kind of learned to believe
them and now I feel like there is some
sort of stagnation back and forth is
like when I feel love I'm constantly
mesmerized with question like am I
corrupt is my motivation
corrupt like uh what does corrupt what
does corrupt mean it's like uh I don't
really love but I have some sort of
hidden agenda that I'm expressing love
but uh I want something from
it cool what's wrong with
that I feel like it it hardens me so no
no not not what's wrong with wanting
something from
love well I think originally it stems
from one situation with my
mom uh when I was when what what's wrong
with wanting something from love what's
wrong with being corrupt around love
that it means that I don't actually
love how
much like your capacity to love is
probably different now than it was when
you were 5 10
20 so H how how
much I don't even know if there's an
endpoint I've never gotten to a place
where I'm like oh I've reach the maximum
amount of love that I can give to the
world that has not happened yet but
let's assume that there's some sort of
end point like how much like how close
can you get still wanting something from
the
love how corrupt is
it I I think it's
about let I am I am fake something like
that Ah that's awes
awesome how
fake
totally right now how fake are you not
not fake no there's some
percentage 1% fake 2%
fake that's the thing I don't
know I I can't understand
like I'm indecisive like that like I
can't understand how fake I
am
okay do you do me a favor and sit I
don't know if you are but sit squarely
with both feet on the ground yeah
yeah and I want you to bring your
attention not just like up here but I
want you to bring it all the way
down eyes open yeah there you go okay
there it is
yeah e
I'd like love to hear you just say I
want all of me
loved I
want
yeah I want all of me
Lov I want all of you love too by the
way thank you you're welcome
and and just take a second for scan your
body and see what part of you can't be
loved in your in your mind in your heart
like what is there any part of
you oh look what just happened that was
amazing where did you Retreat
into where'd you
go it's like
hold on a second you just pulled back
yeah you felt yourself pull back yeah it
was a doubt yes yeah so when you pulled
back the thing you pulled away from go
to the thing you pulled away
from that's the part that you're scared
can't be loved that's the part you hide
oh yeah there you
are there you
went I can be very cunning and I did not
love that
part
yeah it was like a contradiction for
me
yeah can you imagine a five year old
girl who is
cunning I I don't know any I don't know
any like I don't know any teenage girl
that isn't cunning I have two of them
right now I don't know a three-year-old
who who is not cunning cunning
yeah yeah yeah I love my girl's
cunningness I love
it they're just like figuring out how to
get what they want from the world and
they have this will and they yeah it's
love
yeah somehow it used to be the opposite
of love for me of course because your
parents every time you wanted something
your parents felt guilty they couldn't
give it to you so they didn't want to
feel
it yeah how was it
connected feel your mom for a
second how did your mom feel when she
couldn't give you what she wanted
what was her
feeling I think she felt
shot like yeahuh block herself from
that's that's the removal of love from
you and that shut was I don't want to
feel this feeling which is probably
guilt or shame that she can't provide
for her daughter yeah shame
yeah
yeah responsibility over love from that
conversation yes great conversation yes
so she cut off she felt that
responsibility she cut off the
love yeah and you heard that as when I
go for what I want I'm not
lovable there you are whole body you
thank you thank you pleasure